A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES
[chief] Do not let this guy revive.
[Sato] Too late.
[Takahashi] [laughs] Yeah! Go, Sato!
-[grunts]
[Kouma] Status of the SAT unit?
It must have been wiped out.
[gasps]
No good, huh?
[chuckles] Game, set and match.
[growls]
Whew. I'm beat.
[reporter on TV] But Grant Pharmaceuticals
is also being questioned
about its negligent response
to the terrorist threats,
and its future as a company is in danger.
There are rumors
of a 100-million-yen reward
for captured Ajins.
Did he say...?
[reporter] Here is a list of all the Ajins
not currently in government custody.
Ah! That brat. I knew it.
Yeah. Now you listen.
I know something about that Ajin.
[Tosaki] Just as I've said several times,
every one of the security cameras
along his escape route
have already been checked,
and not one of them has even a trace
of the Man in the Hat.
So, then, you're telling me
you don't have a single clue
as to his whereabouts.
That's great.
[laughs] What a failure you are, Tosaki.
[phone rings]
[Wakai] You let
the Man in the Hat's attack take place...
[Izumi] Yes?
[Wakai] ...and then you let him go.
-No more excuses.
[Izumi] Mr. Tosaki.
It's Kei Nagai's hiding place.
They found it.
[theme playing]
AJIN: DEMI-HUMAN
♪ Do you sleep well? ♪
♪ Did your wounds heal? ♪
♪ Just 'cause they say
The night is lonely ♪
♪ You don't have to force yourself
To love someone ♪
♪ They say I'm dreaming ♪
♪ They say I'm sobbing ♪
♪ They say I tried to die
Without knowing ♪
♪ Did you manage
To hide? ♪
♪ Did you hold
Your breath? ♪
♪ Just 'cause they say it's tough now ♪
♪ Don't have to force yourself
To change ♪
♪ Even a brave savage ♪
♪ Even a troubled lamb ♪
♪ They are just wandering through life ♪
♪ So I don't stand out ♪
♪ So I can put up with it ♪
♪ So my train of thought won't stop yet ♪
♪ Tonight run away, run away
It's unbelievable ♪
♪ Someone take my hand ♪
♪ The tomorrow we can't see
Doesn't have to come ♪
♪ Now I just want to sleep ♪
SATO, IT'S ALL YOUR FAULT!
Send every single person
you've got available.
We cannot afford to fail this time.
Right. I'll let the Chiba police
know the situation.
But, uh,
there aren't enough tranquilizer guns.
Then just keep killing him.
I'm sure you've seen what happened
at Grant Pharmaceuticals.
Do it like that.
[line clicks]
Give the authorization
to use deadly force.
[officer 1 over radio] This is Team 1.
The main roads have been secured.
[officer 2 over radio] Roger.
All roads to the woods are also covered.
[Yamanaka] Let's go, Kei.
Okay.
Hello, sir. Mr. Araki?
[Araki grunts]
We really appreciate the backup.
Thank you.
Actually, we're not used to dealing
with Ajins here.
Yeah. It always feels like that
at the beginning.
Right now the Ajin Control Commission
is on its way.
[Kita] Hey, you! Tell me...
where's my hundred million yen?
The reward.
[grunts] Don't act like you don't know.
Look, I get a reward.
-For catching that Ajin.
[officer 1] Hey, listen, you.
I told you not to do anything
without asking first.
[both grunt]
[Kita] Now, look. Hey.
[officer 1] My apologies, sir.
[Kita] Don't touch me. Let me go!
[officer 1] Come on.
[Kita grunting]
-That's the informer.
[officer 1] This way.
-Wanna hear him out?
[officer 1] Stop.
No, that can wait till later.
Excuse me.
Detective Araki,
with the Kei Nagai investigation.
-Could you fill me in on the situation?
[officer 2] Yes, sir.
The forest roads and bridges
leading out of the village
have been secured.
And the villagers
will not be allowed out of their houses
under any circumstances.
What about Nagai?
[officer 2] He doesn't seem
to have noticed our movements.
He's with Hanae Yamanaka right now.
Uh, does he have an accomplice?
No. Nagai's tricked her
into thinking that he's her grandson.
It may be quite difficult
to separate them.
[Araki sighs]
Well, it can't be helped.
Let's begin.
[Kei] Whew.
Weeds just grow back
when you pull them up.
So, why not just leave them there?
Even when you know it's no use,
you still do it.
That's what it means to be a man.
Got it.
[groans] Oh, my back, my back, my back.
[grunting]
Mm.
Mr. Yoshida must not be feeling well.
-Why?
-He's normally out here by now.
Huh?
It's not just Mr. Yoshida.
Well, it's a hot day today.
Everyone's probably staying inside.
Hmm.
[officer] Move out.
Grandma, let's go inside for--
[gunshot]
[gasping]
[chief] Target down. Secure him.
[gasps] Kei. Kei.
[chief] Hold your fire.
There's a villager here.
Stop right there!
[Yamanaka gasps]
[Kei] My voice didn't work.
They must have been ready for it.
Damn it.
[chief] Sniper Team,
do you have a clear shot?
Sniper Team 1, no good.
[sniper] Sniper Team 2, likewise.
[chief] There's no point in resisting.
Give up and come quietly, Nagai.
Don't move!
So sorry, Grandma.
Oh, I don't mind at all.
Kind of fun, like my police dramas on TV.
[chuckles]
As long as I can escape like on TV.
Don't break the power poles! Stay inside!
Shut up.
[officers grunting]
[officer] What's going on?
[Kei] Okay.
-Huh?
[Kei] Take care of yourself, Grandma.
[chief] Go! Get him!
Follow him. Don't let him get away.
[gunshot]
[grunting]
[sighs]
[panting]
[officer] Over here!
[chief] Shoot him!
[gunfire]
Come out, ghost!
Damn it. I'm not ready yet.
I'll never let you catch me.
I'll never-- [grunts]
[chief] Where is he?
[officer] Damn it. Where did he go?
[chief] He must have used that IBM thing.
Team 1 here. We lost the target.
Continue on with the search.
[helicopter whirring]
[gasps]
Damn it.
This whole mess.
Sato, it's all your fault.
I'm counting on you all. Let's get him.
Mr. Tosaki. The situation as it stands--
I heard the report over the radio.
What exactly are you planning to do next?
[Araki] We're adding more people
to the search
and checking mainly around
where we lost track of Nagai.
Then call them back at once.
[Araki] Huh?
Nagai is not an idiot.
I'm sure he's already familiar
with this area.
If you try to chase him,
he'll just get away again.
[Araki] Oh, right.
But we do have him outnumbered.
We could do a clean sweep of the area.
If we close in starting from here,
we're sure to catch him at some point.
Yes, but if the net is stretched too thin,
he could break through again.
No need to worry.
He can only use his IBM a few times a day.
From what I heard on the report,
Nagai has already used up his quota.
If we use our numbers,
we'll surely catch him.
Damn it.
What should I do? What should I do?
[Kei] Are you looking for your cell phone?
-[gasps]
[grunts]
[Kei] He said that the government
was after him.
You're gonna be of use to me, Nakano.
[yells]
[grunting]
One more time.
[phone ringing]
[Tosaki] What is it?
[Sokabe] Ko Nakano's cell phone
has been used,
and we've discovered his whereabouts.
Nakano? Take care of that yourself.
Kei Nagai--
It was used in the mountains,
near where you are.
[Tosaki gasps]
The mountains where Nagai is hiding?
Yes. It can't be a coincidence.
They must be working together.
Send me his exact location now.
Yes. Araki.
I'm on my way.
[Izumi] He's dug his own grave.
Maybe Nagai didn't realize
that we knew about Nakano.
What is it?
It's just...
There isn't a single sign in this place
that he had ever even been here.
This way. Hurry.
[Tosaki] He knew that this day would come.
Someone as smart as he is
wouldn't make a rookie mistake like this.
[Izumi] So, then...?
[Tosaki] Nagai is using Nakano
as a diversion...
so he can escape by himself.
[grunting]
We're here. Surround it.
[chuckles] How do you like that?
I finally made it to the top.
Huh? It won't open.
Damn it. [yells]
Okay, go in.
[grunting]
[gasps]
Don't move. Put your hands...
Huh?
[reporter on phone]
The southern part of Chiba
should expect south winds,
then later, easterly winds
and clear skies followed by clouds.
Hurry!
I'm sure they'll have noticed by now.
If they surround us again, it's over!
Then what are we gonna do?
It's risky,
but we'll have to take the shortest route.
There's an escape point this way.
If we can make it that far,
we're in the clear.
[gasps]
[Ko grunting]
Bit of a surprise?
Thought you'd use Nakano as a diversion.
You might have escaped on your own
if you had.
That's too bad.
You'll be sleeping
on the dissection table tonight,
003...
Kei Nagai.
[grunts]
Damn it.
Why... me?
[grunting in muffled voice]
Why me?
[Tosaki] Okay, take him.
There's no need to worry about his IBM.
Damn... you.
Damn you.
[grunting]
No!
[all gasp]
Wha--?
Wha--? What's this?
His IBM is...
[officer 1] Shields.
[officer 2] Look out.
[officers grunting]
Stand back.
This is completely insane.
Mr. Tosaki, get back. [gasps]
If putting him to sleep won't stop it...
[Izumi] Mr. Tosaki. [screams]
...then I just have to kill him.
[Tosaki] Is it not Nagai's?
No. Even killing him won't stop it.
[IBM] Serves you right.
[Izumi] Mr. Tosaki!
[grunting]
[Kei grunts]
[Tosaki] Catch them!
[Izumi] Kuro-chan!
A ghost? The government has an Ajin
on their side?
[grunts]
Stay put!
[gasps]
Hold on. He called it again so soon.
But how?
One more time. Ghost!
[grunting]
-No way.
-Can't be.
[Izumi] But he can't call two at once.
[officer] Cover it.
That guy.
[Ko] Over here, Nagai!
You're too slow!
Shut up.
[Ko gasps]
[explosion]
[sighs]
After the disaster the other day
at Grant Pharmaceuticals,
the police have once again failed
to capture an Ajin.
An investigation will soon be under way.
The coast guard currently has search crews
combing Tokyo Bay,
but they haven't found Nagai or Nakano.
[Tosaki sighs]
[Kita] Let me go!
-Huh?
[Kita grunting]
It's useless talking to you.
Hey, you, listen.
What's up with my reward?
When do I get it?
Reward?
You can't just forget about it,
'cause you guys had him
and let him get away.
You gotta give me at least half.
[laughing]
Money, huh?
Huh? What's so funny?
The idea of a reward for finding Ajins
is nothing more than a rumor.
But I've heard you may possibly receive
some sort of a thank-you letter
from the local police department.
A...? A rumor?
[Tosaki] Let's go, Shimomura.
This is no joke, damn it.
Send the experimental data on Nagai
to Dr. Ogura.
Something about him is different
from both Sato and Tanaka.
Yes, sir.
[Ko] What if we end up
in another country?
[Kei] Apparently,
they venerate Ajins in India.
[Ko] Venerate?
What is that?
Like a move in mah-jongg?
[sighs]
So, what's the plan?
Where do we run to?
I'm done running. I'll stop Sato.
Huh?
[gasps]
Are you ready?
Yeah, I'm good.
Let's go.
[both grunt]
[Okuyama] Okay, action.
Today I've decided to proceed
with the plans for Wave 2.
Humans are not backing down
in their continued efforts
to further oppress us Ajins.
The theme of Wave 2
shall be total cleansing.
This is a list of the principal figures
in the conspiracy against us.
We will assassinate these 15 people.
If the country refuses
to reconsider its oppression of Ajins
by the end of Wave 2,
we will move on and begin Wave 3.
In Wave 3,
which is also the final wave...
I am going to take over
the entire country.
[theme playing]
♪ If my wish would come true ♪
♪ Once again ♪
♪ I wanna touch your heart ♪
♪ No matter how dark it gets ♪
♪ I'll be searching ♪
♪ For my one ♪
♪ And only light ♪
♪ As I look up to the stars ♪
♪ Even though you are far ♪
♪ You're looking up
At the same starry sky ♪
♪ In the sky of my heart ♪
♪ It's about to spill over ♪
♪ Your smile and ♪
♪ Your warmth ♪
♪ Hear me ♪
♪ Until I went away and ♪
♪ Faced the lonely days ♪
♪ I thought I could understand ♪
♪ What it means to love ♪
♪ Feeling everything that ♪
♪ Was right in front of me ♪
♪ Losing something precious ♪
♪ Realizing real love ♪
♪ I'll tell you now ♪
♪ Just how close you are ♪